
Table 2 was the first table our group was tasked with replicating. This table involves getting numbers such as total assets or market equity from CRSP Compustat database for different groups of firms, with the limitation that the firms be US domestic and have data available in CRSP Compustat. These groups were comprised of the primary dealers of the New York Fed, which are detailed in table A.1, all broker dealers, all banks, and all firms in Compustat. There were three time ranges that we observed, 1960-2012, 1960-1990, and 1990-2012. Replicating table 2 turned out to be a lot more involved than initially expected, due largely to the condition that we use the data of holding companies of the primary dealers rather than of the actual primary dealer. This required us to manually go through each individual dealer in the list of 112, and look up information about their holding company during a specified time period where they were considered a primary dealer. This was not a simple task because there were many cases where holding companies shifted multiple time within the specified period - forcing us to try and guess how the original author of the paper made this decision.

After finishing the main lookup file, ticks.csv, which including all primary dealers listed in table A.1, their holding companies, their start and end dates, and their permcos and gvkeys (identifiers for CRSP and Compustat respectively) we then focused on pulling data from the WRDS database. After establishing a connection with WRDS we were able to query data from multiple sources. We made use of the CRSP Compustat historical link table to do most of this research, as well as some holding companies lookups on Google and chatGPT. We queried a full list of link table data from the WRDS website and downloaded it in Excel format to be able to filter and make notes. We also queried the link table from the WRDS historical table and used this table to help merge SIC codes with our completed ticks.csv dataset. For the financials dataset, we opted to query data by gvkey since the data for table 2 was specifically for company level financials which are found through Compustat.

After having the primary dealer data in the proper format of total assets, total book debt, book equity, and market equity, it was now time to create our subgroups and query data for them. The first one we worked on was the broker dealer dataset, which, as specified in the paper, included all primary dealers in our main dataset plus any firms with the SIC code 6211 or 6221. Using the historical linktable and our primary dealer linktable we created our subset and then used it to query financial data from Compustat. Now with our two different subsets of data, we merged them on the date key and then performed our ratio calculation. This calculation was the total value of primary dealers divided by the sum of the total value of primary dealers and the total value of non-primary dealer broker dealers. We then repeated this methodology for the banks comparison group which was generally comprised of firms with the SIC code 6020. We had to use backfill and forward fill on some of the data due to gaps. These gaps were most prevalent in Banks and the period of 1960 to 1990.
